1. The Document Object Model is an application programming interface (API) that represents the page in a way that allows programs to change the document structure, style, and content. When a browser is loading a webpage, it creates a model of that page which is called a DOM tree. The DOM tree consists of four types of nodes: a document node at the top, element nodes, attribute nodes, and text nodes.
2. An XSS attack (or in other words, a Cross-Site Scripting Attack) becomes a risk when you add HTML to a page using innerHTML or other jQuery methods. A hacker can add code to an input that is eventually generated as html, and when that malicious code runs, it can grant the hacker access to your users' accounts. To guard against these attacks, you should never allow user input to be shown. If you need to include options that validate user input, you should get rid of tags and escaping characters to strip the code of potential malicious intent.
3. An event in JavaScript is something that occurs when users interact with the page, typically a change that occurs to an element. Events trigger different lines of code (code which are usually inside of a function) that only run when that event occurs. With code, you can respond to many things such as if the user clicks with their mouse, if the user hits a key on their keyboard, if the user submits a form, and if a page the user requested has loaded.
4. A DOM eventListener sets up a function that will be called whenever the specified event is delivered to the target. It listens for the event by name and it can deal with more than one function at a time. The parameters it expects are an event type in quotation marks, and a function that is called when the event occurs.
5. jQuery is a JavaScript library that takes a lot of common tasks that require many lines of JavaScript code to accomplish, and wraps them into methods that can be called with one line of code. We use jQuery because it makes it much easier to use JavaScript on our websites by saving lots of time. We load jQuery onto a page similarly to how we loaded bootstrap, through a cdn.
6. AJAX exchanges data with a web server, which allows web pages to be updated asynchronously (making it possible to update parts of a webpage without reloading the entire thing). JSON is a text-based data format that follows JavaScript object syntax, and uses human-readable text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute-value pairs and arrays. There are several HTTP method types. GET retrieves data. POST submits an entity to the specified resource, which often causes a change in state or side effects on the server, and a new resource is usually created. PUT replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload, and updates everything for a resource. PATCH partially modifies a resource. DELETE deletes a resource.